Installing and setting up your environment

Step 1 - ... Install Visual Studio 2010 from the CD
Step 2 - ... Enter in product key
Step 3 - ... Install full version unless told otherwise to save space
Step 4 - ... Before running VS for the first time install Crystal Reports.
Step 5 - ... This can be done in one of two ways.
             1. Go to http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=159919
                a. Select START YOUR FREE DOWNLOAD
                b. Select "SAP Crystal Reports, version for Visual Studio 2010 - Standard"
                c. Run the .exe once downloaded
             2. Create a new project that uses Crystal Reports Application.
                a. It will take you to the same website as step 1.
                b. Follow the same steps
Step 6 - ... When you run Visual Studio for the first time it will ask you what development
             environment you will want to use.  Choose C# development environment.
Step 7 - ... Open an existing Crystal Reports application or create a new one.


Making the project be able to install onto other computers

Step 1 - ... Make sure you have a copy of the crystal reports runtime engine.
             1. In the same location you downloaded the SAP Crystal Reports download
                "SAP Crystal Reports runtime engine for .NET Framework 4 (32-bit)"
                (Above - Step 5.1).
             2. You will have to give this .msi to the computer that will install your program.
                This will have to be installed first before your program.
Step 2 - ... With your crystal reports project open go to File -> Add -> New Project
Step 3 - ... Under "Other Project Types -> Setup and Deployment -> Visual Studio Installer"
Step 4 - ... Give it a name and press OK.
Step 5 - ... You will see 3 folders: Application Folder, User's Desktop, and User's Programs 
             Menu. Right click on Application Folder -> Add -> Project Output.
Step 6 - ... Highlight Primary Output and press OK.
Step 7 - ... Right click on the your setup project and go to properties.
Step 8 - ... click on Prerequisities...
Step 9 - ... Make sure only Microsoft .NET Framework 4 (x86 and x64) and one of the Windows 
             Installers are selected.
Step 10 -... Build -> Build <project name>
Step 11 -... Change Where it says "Debug" in the drop down box in the menu bar to "Release".
Step 12 -... Repeat Step 10
Step 13 -... Right click on the setup project and View -> Custom Actions
Step 14 -... Right click on Custom Actions -> Add Custom Action...
Step 15 -... Double click on Application Folder and leave the primary output highlighted and
             press OK.
Step 16 -... Repeat steps 10-12 (Not sure if this necessary, I do it to be safe)
Step 17 -... Inside your project folder is the name of your setup project.  Copy the files 
             from either debug or release inside of the setup project folder.  This should
             contain .msi and .exe files.  
Step 18 -... Give the newly created .msi and the Crystal Reports runtime engine .msi to the
             computer you wish to install the program.
Step 19 -... The computer that's installing the program should install the runtime .msi first
             and then the project .msi.
         
